WELCOME ONE AND ALL TO "THE LATE
SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST STEPHEN COLBERT.
WELL, IT FEELS LIKE CHRISTMAS IS
HERE.
COURTESY OF ROBERT MUELLER
COMING DOWN THE WHITE HOUSE
CHIMNEY WITH A SACK FULL OF
SUBPOENAS!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MR. PRESIDENT, I GOT YOU AN
EARLY CHRISTMAS GIFT, TOO.
I JUST HOPE THEY'RE NOT TOO BIG
ON YOU.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, ON
FRIDAY, FORMER
NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR AND
MICHAEL FLYNN PLEADED GUILTY TO
LYING TO THE F.B.I.
AND IT TURNS OUT, THAT'S AGAINST
THE LAW.
( LAUGHTER )
"DID YOU KNOW THAT?
LOT OF PEOPLE DON'T KNOW THAT.
MOST OF THEM WORK FOR ME."
( LAUGHTER )
BUT FLYNN'S NOT THE ONLY ONE IN
MUELLER'S CROSSHAIRS BECAUSE, IN
COURT, HE SAID THAT HE'S AGREED
TO COOPERATE WITH THE SPECIAL
COUNSEL'S OFFICE.
WOO-HOO!
HE'S SINGING LIKE A CANARY!
WELL, ACTUALLY, MORE LIKE
AN ANGRY SHAVED EAGLE.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
YES, FLYNN IS TURNING ON HIS OLD
FRIENDS.
IT'S LIKE THE OLD SAYING GOES,
"SNITCHES GET SIGNIFICANT TIME
OFF THEIR FEDERAL PRISON
SENTENCE."
'CAUSE HE WAS FACING AN
ALL-YOU-CAN-SERVE JAIL BUFFET
FOR CHARGES, INCLUDING FAILING
TO REGISTER AS A FOREIGN AGENT,
MONEY LAUNDERING, AND
KIDNAPPING.
SO, TO SAVE HIS OWN HIDE, HE HAD
TO GIVE SOMEBODY UP.
WHO?
WELL, "IT'S BEGINNING TO LOOK A
LOT LIKE KUSHNER!"
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BECAUSE AFTER THE ELECTION,
"KUSHNER IS SAID TO HAVE ORDERED
FLYNN TO CONTACT RUSSIA."
THAT THREE-STAR GENERAL MUST
HAVE BEEN HONORED TO GET ORDERS
FROM A NO-STAR SON-IN-LAW.
KUSHNER WANTED RUSSIA TO BLOCK A
U.N. RESOLUTION CONDEMNING
ISRAELI SETTLEMENTS.
AT THE SAME TIME, OBAMA HAD JUST
PUT SANCTIONS ON RUSSIA FOR
TAMPERING WITH THE 2016
ELECTIONS, AND FLYNN CALLED THE
RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR AND SAID,
"PLEASE DON'T RESPOND TO OBAMA'S
SANCTIONS, ONCE WE GET IN THERE
WINK, WINK, NOD, NOD."
AND YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO MAKE
POLICY UNTIL YOU'RE IN OFFICE.
WE ONLY HAVE ONE PRESIDENT AT A
TIME.
THEN IT WAS OBAMA, NOW IT'S
VLADIMIR PUTIN.
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
( APPLAUSE )
SEEMS LIKE A GOOD GUY.
STRONG LEADER.
VERY STRONG LEADER.
LUCKY TO HAVE HIM.
( LAUGHTER )
OKAY.
AND NOT ONLY THAT, FLYNN COULD
AVOID JAIL TIME BY PARTICIPATING
IN COVERT LAW ENFORCEMENT
ACTIVITIES, SUCH AS WEARING A
WIRE.
"MICHAEL FLYNN'S A GOOD GUY.
VERY GOOD LISTENER.
SOMETIMES HE ASKS ME TO SAY
THINGS TWO OR THREE TIMES,
DIRECTLY INTO HIS CORSAGE."
VERY NICE.
SO THOUGHTFUL.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
IN FACT, THE WHITE HOUSE IS
PARANOID, AND EVERYONE THINKS
THEY'RE BEING RECORDED.
THAT'S TERRIBLE, AND FLYNN FELT
BAD ABOUT IT, SO THIS MORNING HE
APOLOGIZED BY SENDING THEM AN
EDIBLE ARRANGEMENT.
( LAUGHTER )
MANY PEOPLE SAY THIS SITUATION
CAN'T GET WORSE, TO WHICH TRUMP
SAID, "HOLD MY BEER."
( LAUGHTER )
HE DOESN'T EVEN DRINK BORE.
ON SATURDAY, HE TWEETED, "I HAD
TO FIRE GENERAL FLYNN BECAUSE HE
LIED TO THE VICE PRESIDENT AND
THE F.B.I."
OKAY, HERE'S THE THING --
TRUMP'S NOT SUPPOSED TO HAVE
KNOWN FLYNN LIED TO THE F.B.I.
BECAUSE, THE DAY AFTER HE FIRED
FLYNN,
F.B.I. DIRECTOR JAMES COMEY SAYS
YOU TOLD HIM TO GO EASY ON
FLYNN.
THAT WOULD BE AN ADMISSION TO
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BIG -- BIG OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE FANS HERE TONIGHT.
( LAUGHTER )
IT'S LIKE WHEN YOU'RE TRYING TO
GET OUT OF ONE LIE AND YOU
ACCIDENTALLY TELL A MUCH WORSE
LIE.
"BABY, I COULDN'T HAVE BEEN
TEXTING WITH MY EX LAST NIGHT, I
WAS TOO BUSY SLEEPING WITH YOUR
MOM.
( LAUGHTER )
AND YOU KNOW MOMMA DON'T LET
PHONES IN THE BOOM BOOM ROOM ."
( LAUGHTER )
BUT NOW TRUMP'S PEOPLE ARE
SAYING HE DIDN'T WRITE THE
TWEET.
IT WAS WRITTEN BY TRUMP ATTORNEY
AND NORSE GOD OF SADNESS, JOHN
DOWD.
>> Jon: OH, MAN!
>> Stephen: VERY POWERFUL.
SO THEY'RE SAYING TRUMP'S LAWYER
WROTE A TWEET IN THE VOICE OF
HIS CLIENT, WITHOUT THE CLIENT'S
PERMISSION OR KNOWLEDGE, A TWEET
IN WHICH THE CLIENT INDICTS
HIMSELF FOR OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE.
THAT IS MALPRACTICE.
I CERTAINLY HOPE JOHN DOWD HAS A
LAWYER THAT'S WAY BETTER THAN
JOHN DOWD.
( LAUGHTER )
NOW, NO ONE BELIEVES THIS.
EVEN SUPPORTERS OF THE
ADMINISTRATION CALLED IT "SLOPPY
AND UNFORTUNATE."
"SLOPPY AND UNFORTUNATE," BY THE
WAY, ALSO ERIC AND DON, JR.'S
SECRET SERVICE CODE NAMES.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
EVERYBODY LOVES THOSE BOYS.
AND NOW DOWD IS SAYING IT
DOESN'T MATTER WHO WROTE THE
TWEET BECAUSE THE "PRESIDENT
CANNOT OBSTRUCT JUSTICE BECAUSE
HE IS THE CHIEF LAW ENFORCEMENT
OFFICER AND HAS EVERY RIGHT TO
EXPRESS HIS VIEW OF ANY CASE."
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
OR, AS NIXON SAID, "WHEN THE
PRESIDENT DOES IT, IT IS NOT
ILLEGAL ...ALSO, IF YOU'RE USING
THE SAME DEFENSE AS ME, YOU'RE
TOTALLY SCREWED BECAUSE I WAS A
CROOK."
( LAUGHTER )
IT'S A FINE LINE FROM THIS TO
AHHH!
SO THE PRESIDENT'S LAWYER SEEMS
TO BE TAKING THE FALL FOR THIS
DAMNING TWEET.
BUT DOWD ISN'T THE ONLY ATTORNEY
WHO WOULD DO THIS FOR A CLIENT.
JUST TAKE A LOOK AT THIS AD.
>> ARE YOU THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES?
>> AND THE MORON WHO CONFESSED
GUILT ON TWITTER?
>> THEN YOU NEED THE SERVICES OF
GALINO AND FONZ.
WE DON'T JUST DEFEND YOU IN
COURT, WE'LL TAKE YOUR
CONFESSION AND SAY WE WROTE IT
FOR SOME REASON.
WE'LL TAKE THE HEAT FOR THE
TWEET!
AND IT DOESN'T STOP THERE.
WHATEVER CRIME YOU COMMIT, WE'LL
SAY WE DID IT.
>> AND BADLY.
THAT WAS US.
ARMED ROBBERY?
>> GUILTY AS CHARGED.
CAUGHT STANDING OVER A DEAD BODY
WITH A BLOODY KNIFE?
>> THANKS FOR HOLDING MY MURDER
KNIFE, FRANK, I LEAD LIKE IT
BACK.
>> WINK, WINK.
SO CALL US.
>> OR SEND US A MESSAGE ON YOUR
TWITTER ACCOUNT.
>> WE'VE ALREADY GOT THE
PASSWORD ♪
♪ YOU KNOW YOU CAN TRUST US TO
TAKE THE BLAME FOR OBSTRUCTION
OF JUSTICE ♪
>> NO HABLA ESPAÑOL!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: QUALITY, QUALITY
LEGAL COUNSEL.